University of Michigan Skip global navigation University of Michigan Report Sexual Misconduct , Discrimination and Harassment Search for : Search Quick Links Academic Calendar Canvas Directory Email Email — UMHS Library Catalog Maps & Directions Schools & Colleges Wolverine Access For : Prospective Students Current Students Faculty & Staff Parents Alumni Main Menu Home About Academics Life at Michigan Athletics Research Health & Medicine Initiatives Giving Featured Stories Blue PHOLEDs Lights could soon use the full color suite of perfectly efficient organic light-emitting diodes , or OLEDs , that last tens of thousands of hours , thanks to an innovation from physicists and engineers at the University of Michigan . Learn more about this innovation 2024 MLK Symposium The theme of the 2024 MLK Symposium is “ Transforming the Jangling Discords of Our Nation into a Beautiful Symphony. ” Recalling a line from the Rev . Martin Luther King Jr. ’ s historic “ I Have a Dream ” speech , the statement encapsulates a profound vision of unity , peace and reconciliation in the face of discord and division . Learn more about the 2024 Symposium events Hail to the Victors ! Congratulations to the Michigan Football team on winning the National Championship ! Go Blue ! Learn more Legacy in land U-M alum Susan Morley LaCroix is helping Michigan families preserve and protect their land through her work as the Legacy Land Conservancy 's land protection director . The conservancy protects land by obtaining public and private funding to create easements and public preserves that permanently protect private land . Learn more about the conservancy 19 schools and colleges — see complete list see complete list More than 275 degree-programs U-M Research : $ 1.86 billion in research expenditures ( FY2023 ) Planet Blue Campus | Students , staff and faculty collaborating together to advance sustainability , university-wide . News News Michigan 's knowledge economy lagging behind other states , study shows Food from urban agriculture has carbon footprint 6 times larger than conventional produce U-M 'catalyst grants ' address climate resilience , sustainability Anonymous tip line flags thousands of firearm threats in schools University adopts statement on diversity of thought , freedom of speech Visit Michigan News Visit Key Issues Public Engagement Commentary : Inequality is a health risk—and it 's getting worse Michigan Minds podcast : Presidential election season will not be normal Congress is close to expanding the child tax credit again—with a smaller boost for families this time What 's the best diet for healthy sleep ? A nutritional epidemiologist explains what food choices will help you get more restful z 's Congress is failing to deliver on its promise of billions more in research spending , threatening America 's long-term economic competitiveness Visit Public Engagement In The News New York Times Jury to decide if mother of Michigan school shooter is guilty , too New York Times Americans feel better about the economy . Will that help Biden ? Washington Post Will your