Central Washington University | Cat Camp Return to the Central Washington University home page Open primary navigation Resources for : Prospective Students Current Students MyCWU Email/Outlook Canvas Parents & Families CWU Alumni Faculty Employees Apply Visit Give What are you looking for ? Submit What are you looking for ? Search About CWU About CWU University Leadership Campus Locations Offices Directory Local Community Media Resources Admissions & Aid Admissions & Aid Apply Now Visit Campus Campus Locations Tuition and Fees Financial Aid & Scholarships Student Account Services Preview Day Academics Academics Explore Programs Academic Colleges Specialized Programs Research Academic Resources Event Calendar CWU Libraries Student Life Student Life Campus Housing Diversity and Inclusion Campus Dining Student Union Student Government Student Clubs and Organizations Fitness and Recreation Health and Wellness Services Student Support Student Employment & Volunteering Wildcat Shop Athletics Resources for : Prospective Students Current Students MyCWU Email/Outlook Canvas Parents & Families CWU Alumni Faculty Employees Apply Visit Give Cat Camp Student Life SLICE Cat Camp Start your CWU experience ! What is Cat Camp ? Cat Camp is a leadership-transition program designed to welcome incoming first-year and transfer students to the CWU community hosted by Student Leadership , Involvement , & Community Engagement ( SLICE ) ! Meals and lodging are provided for each participant throughout both Cat Camp experiences . Along with a Cat Camp t-shirt , transportation , and other camp materials . `` I learned how to better lead a team and strategize to get a project done . I definitely feel more connected to CWU because I know more about the school along with all the people I was able to connect with . It made the transition a lot easier . '' Cat Camp Participant 2022 Camp Overview Cat Camp Adventure 2023 - 9/11 to 9/14 Adventure is out there ! Join us for a four-day , three-night session at Black Diamond Camp in Auburn , Washington . In this session , campers will dive into their leadership style while becoming one with nature as they experience a variety of events , and activities like our `` Dive In Movie '' , community development , low & high ropes courses , and more ! Adventure Schedule Overview September 10 ( Move-In ) Students attending Cat Camp will move in early on September 10 as coordinated by Housing and Residence Life . Move-in between 1:00 - 2:00 p.m. ( must be registered for Cat Camp to move-in early ) Cat Camp Mixer - Students will get to meet leaders and other participants . Dinner and lawn games will be provided . Day 1 ( September 11 ) Breakfast at Holmes Dining Cat Camp Kickoff + Welcoming Announcements Travel to Black Diamond Room Assignments , unpack , and get settled in cabins . Lunch Camp Welcome and Tour Team Meeting , Ice breakers , team name , poster design Poster presentation Community Building Activity Team Meeting Glow in the Dark Capture the Flag , Rec Games