CATS International , Independent Boarding Schools UK & USA CATS UK SCHOOLS REBRANDING Since 1952 , CATS Cambridge , CATS Canterbury and CATS London have delivered high-quality teaching to students from around the world . Over the last 70 years , our CATS UK schools have developed three distinct educational experiences to fit the many different needs of its students . As they celebrated their past and looked to the future , the exciting decision was made to rebrand the three schools . This rebrand has been undertaken to better showcase the unique student experience and the individual school communities the students and staff are so proud to be a part of From the 12th October , CATS Canterbury has been rebranded The Worthgate School . CATS London has been rebranded as Guildhouse School , London . CATS Cambridge will continue to carry the heritage of the CATS name . However , its logo and brand colours have changed . Our new school websites are live and can be accessed from this page . We have also included an FAQ of the bottom of the page to answer any of your questions . Questions can also be sent to your local CATS Global Schools Student Recruitment Manager or our admissions team at admissons @ catsglobalschools.com CANTERBURY INSPIRE | EMPOWER | ACHIEVE Formerly known as CATS Canterbury , The Worthgate School has been inspiring and empowering students to achieve for over 70 years . The Worthgate School campus is nestled in a leafy corner of historic Canterbury , a city that is renowned for its safety and beauty , and for being home to three universities that have educated generations of young minds . www.worthgateschool.com LONDON WHERE CHANGE MAKERS ARE MADE Formerly known as CATS London , Guildhouse School , London has spent the last 10 years perfecting their approach . Through their core values they build their students ’ confidence and decision-making capabilities by nurturing their intuition and creativity so they can problem solve , make an impact , and become effective change makers . www.guildhouseschool.com CAMBRIDGE EDUCATION , EXCELLENCE AND INNOVATION Unlike the other CATS UK schools , CATS Cambridge has not changed . However , its school logo and visual identity will change . CATS Cambridge is a school for the best who want to be their very best . Their mission is to unlock potential , to set students on a path to realise their aspirations , and to prepare them for that journey so they can navigate all the opportunities and challenges that life casts their way . www.catscambridge.com Which schools are being rebranded ? We are rebranding our three CATS UK schools ( CATS Cambridge , CATS Canterbury and CATS London ) Why are you rebranding the CATS UK schools ? We are rebranding our three CATS UK schools to better showcase the unique student experience and the separate school communities our students and staff are so proud to be a part of . What