Campus Activities Team | Daemen University Skip to main content Apply Now Visit Give News MyDaemen A-Z Search Close Search Submit Admissions Academics Student Life About Alumni Athletics Menu Search Close Search Submit Admissions Academics Student Life About Alumni Athletics Apply Now Visit Give News MyDaemen A-Z 4380 Main Street , Amherst , NY 14226 800.462.7652 Admissions Academics Student Life About Alumni Athletics graphic Campus Activities Team Home Student Life Student Affairs Residence Life Orientation Student Services Student Activities Diversity and Inclusion Recreation Career Services 50 Things to do Before You Graduate Online Student Newspaper Student Activities Meet The Staff Student Government Association Campus Activities Team Student Organizations Greek Life Annual Events Commuter Resources Frequently Asked Questions Campus Activities Team Additional Navigation Student Activities Meet The Staff Student Government Association Meet The Executive Board Campus Activities Team Student Organizations Organization Event Assistance Greek Life Photos Annual Events Daemen Day Graduation Week Springfest Commuter Resources House Hunting Tips Frequently Asked Questions Amenities Cookie Notice We use Cookies on this site to enhance your browsing experience , serve personalized ads or content , and analyze our traffic . By continuing to browse without changing your browser settings to block or delete Cookies , you agree to the storing of Cookies and related technologies on your device . Daemen University Privacy and Cookie Policy . Close Notice Welcome to the Campus Activities Team ( CAT ) webpage ! What you 'll find here : Who we are How to find our events How to Volunteer How to Apply to be on the Executive Board Our Current Executive Board Members Kayla Wilder President/Chair MORE Hannah Holland Vice-President/Vice Chair MORE Victoria Baldassare Day Time Events Programmer MORE Madisyn Kilby Day Time Events Programmer MORE Sam Kabel Off-Campus Events Programmer MORE Hayley Pizur Traditions Chair MORE Elliot Stephenson Evening Events Programmer MORE Carisse Scott Evening Events Programmer MORE Gee Dawson Evening Events Programmer MORE Want to see what we 're planning ? You 'll find our events on your myDaemen page or on the Daemen Connect app . Be sure to find our calendar in Daemen Connect and subscribe to it so you do n't miss any of our future events ! Plus when you go to our events you can earn points towards some cool prizes so be sure to check-in whenever you go ! Event Suggestions Have an idea for an event ? Did n't catch us at a CAT Forum ? Want to collaborate with CAT on an event ? Let us know ! You can fill out the following form and let us know your idea , any time ! CAT Volunteers Interested in becoming a CAT Volunteer ? You 've come to the right place ! In order to count as a Volunteer we need you to fill out this form . Make sure you make it to the next interest meeting to learn more about CAT and how being a CAT Volunteer works ! Applying for CAT Executive Board Positions