A student identifies as a cat — how stunning and brave - Washington Examiner Sign in Home Magazine News Politics Business Beltway Confidential Opinion Sign in Welcome ! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password ? Password recovery Recover your password your email Washington Examiner Subscribe Sign in Welcome ! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password ? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you . Search Washington Examiner Sign In Subscribe News White House Senate House Campaigns Business Justice Crime Washington Secrets Policy Defense & National Security Energy and Environment Education Immigration Finance and Economy Healthcare Foreign Policy Technology Infrastructure Space Think Tanks Campaigns Crime Opinion Columnists Editorials Beltway Confidential Restoring America Watch Latest Clips The Debrief Reporter ’ s Notebook Magazine Magazine Archives Quarterly Briefing Book of the Month Crosswords Newsletters More A student identifies as a cat — how stunning and brave By Christopher Tremoglie Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Linkedin Email Print August 26 , 2022 3:28 am Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Linkedin Email Print F irst , there was the news of Bruce Jenner “ transitioning ” to become Caitlyn Jenner . Then , there was the news of Target permitting transgender people to use fitting rooms and restrooms aligned with their gender identity , not their biological sex . Then , there was the news of Lia Thomas , the male transgender swimmer who competed for the female swimming team at the University of Pennsylvania . The latest madness is the news of a teenage girl who identifies as a cat — the latest example of how self-identification is not necessarily an expression of the healthiest or best thing for someone who needs mental help . A teenage girl from Melbourne , Australia , identifies as a cat , according to multiple news stories . Even more disturbing is the fact that the private school she attends is willing to acknowledge her feline self-identification and permits her to act like a cat in school — so long as her behavior doesn ’ t disrupt the class , according to the Herald Sun . According to reports , the girl allegedly is “ phenomenally bright ” and does not speak during school hours . Yet her intelligence level doesn ’ t change the fact that mental health issues require treatment , not derision . Everyone should be sympathetic to her plight , but people should not be enabling her delusions . Human civilization has to put a halt to these destructive behaviors . The inmates can not continue to run the asylum . At some point , even the wokest of the woke have to see the calamitous problems they have created . The school reportedly said in a statement that its students were demonstrating “ a range of issues from mental health , anxiety or identity issues. ” It ’ s a safe bet that the girl identifying as a