All Opportunities - Montana State University-Cat Scholarships Blackbaud ID ( BBID ) with multi-factor authentication ( MFA ) sign-in will be enforced starting in waves January 09 , 2024 through January 23 , 2024 . The sign-in change impacts all locally authenticated users and any locally authenticated users of organizations with an SSO . After January 23 , 2024 , users who are not logging in with SSO or BBID will have to set up BBID with MFA or they will not be able to sign in to Blackbaud Award Management or Blackbaud Stewardship Management . For more information , please see the knowledgebase article . For additional help , non-admin users should contact their System Administrator . System and Organizational Administrators may contact Blackbaud Support for additional assistance . Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Sign In Opportunities Scholarship Ours All Opportunities Show Filters Welcome to Cat Scholarships , MSU ’ s Online Scholarship Application System ! Below you will find a list of scholarships available to MSU Students . Use the Application Process below to apply for scholarships awarded by colleges , departments and the Office of Financial Aid Services . Incoming students are also encouraged to apply for scholarships awarded by the Office of Admissions . Click here for more information . Application Process : To access the General Application , click “ Sign in ” and use your NetID to login . After you have completed your General Application , the system will automatically match you to all scholarships you are eligible for based on the information you provided . The system may request that you supply additional information or recommend scholarship opportunities that you may be eligible for , however additional steps must be taken to be considered for those awards . Some scholarships require the applicant to demonstrate financial need ; in order to be considered for those awards a FAFSA ( Free Application for Federal Student Aid ) must be submitted . Important Dates : November 1 : Cat Scholarship system opens to accept applications . February 1 : MSU FAFSA priority deadline . February 1 : Priority application deadline for most scholarships in the Cat Scholarship system . Please refer to individual scholarships for the appropriate deadline . Search by Keyword ✖ Searchable Fields Instructions : Provide as much information about yourself as possible to search for opportunities for which you may be eligible . For a more accurate list of opportunities you may be eligible for , please complete the General Application and review your Recommended Opportunities page . Search by Keyword Scopes No Scopes Applied Accounting Agricultural Economics and Economics Agricultural and Technical Education Agriculture Air Force ROTC Alumni Legacy American Indian and Alaska Native Animal and Range Sciences Architecture Army ROTC Art Arts and Architecture Biofilm Engineering Business Cell Biology and Neuroscience Chemical and Biological Engineering Chemistry and Biochemistry Civil Engineering Computer Science Earth Sciences Ecology Education Electrical and Computer Engineering Empower Program Engineering English Film and Photography Finance