Challenging Academically Talented Students ( CATS ) Program | Continuing Education Skip to main content University of New Hampshire Search Menu Search UNH.edu Search Continuing Education Search UNH.edu Search Search Commonly Searched Items : Academic Programs Micro-Credentials Professional Development University Coursework Continuing Education Nondegree Challenging Academically Talented Students ( CATS ) Program Learning Pathways Take a Course Noncredit Lifelong Learning Microcredentials Faculty & Staff Find a Credential For Learners- How it works Glossary of Terms About Us About CALLI UNH Employee Information Nondegree Challenging Academically Talented Students ( CATS ) Program In This Section Nondegree Challenging Academically Talented Students ( CATS ) Program Learning Pathways Take a Course Challenging Academically Talented Students ( CATS ) Program The Challenging Academically Talented Students ( CATS ) program is designed to prepare high school students for the next step in their academic journey at UNH . The CATS program offers high school students the ability to earn college credit , explore career pathways , and showcase their ability to college recruiters – all at a discounted tuition rate . The CATS program offers high school learners the ability to enroll in one of 50 pre-approved courses that include a variety of Discovery Courses , First-Year Courses , and current topics . Get a head-start on college by earning UNH credits . Save money on college by earning credits at a discounted rate . Explore topics that are n't available at your high school . Showcase your potential and college-readiness to recruiters . Gain confidence in your ability to succeed in college . Start your journey at UNH and preview our CATS application today ! It 's free to apply . Start Your Application Applying for CATS Ready to take the next step ? Gather the following documents that will be needed to apply : High School Transcript File CATS Acknowledgement and Disclosure Form Refer to the calendar below for term dates and deadlines . Student Eligibility CATS students should meet the following qualifications : 16 years old or older . Enrolled in Grades 11 or 12 at a U.S. based school . Overall 3.0+ GPA or B average . Be on track to be admissible to a 4-year college . CATS Enrollment Calendar Semester Application Deadline Enrollment Open s for Approved Students Classes Start Spring 2024 Jan 8 , 2024 Dec 13 , 2023 Jan 23 , 2024 Summer 2024 May 6 , 2024 March 25 , 2024 Varies depending on class Fall 2024 Aug 12 , 2024 July 17 , 2024 Aug 26 , 2024 Pre-Approved * CATS Courses Please select a semester , and then click into each course to preview course information and seat availability . Summer Fall Spring College of Professional Studies ( CPS ) - Online ART 550 : Art History : Western World CMPL 402 : Excel COM 480 : Visual Communication EDC 504 : Health Safety and Nutrition in EC Settings HIS 411 : US History : 1865 to Present HMSV 424 : Human Services and