Cats ' Cupboard | Ohio University Skip to main content Close Search within : ohio.edu Faculty & Staff Info for ... Info for : Future Students Parents/Families Alumni/Friends Current Students Faculty/Staff Quick Links Log In Catmail Blackboard MyOHIO Student Center Library Locations Visit Athens Campus Regional Campuses OHIO Online Connect Faculty/Staff Directory Apply Give Search Search Menu Bobcats Helping Bobcats Site-specific navigation Bobcats Helping Bobcats Cats ' Cupboard Meal Bank Cap and Gown Loan Program Emergency Microgrants Housing Help Regional Campus Resources SNAP Basic Need Resources Prevention & Education Dean of Students Concerns / Crisis Reporting Concerns About a Student Emergency - Crisis Help Return from Withdraw for Medical Reasons Housing Help for Homeless Students Report an Incident Faculty and Staff Resources Guide to Student in Distress Assisting Students Who Report Suicidality Sexual Misconduct Basic Needs FAQs Frequently Ask Questions Phone List About Us Make a Gift Helpful Links Info for ... Info for : Future Students Parents/Families Alumni/Friends Current Students Faculty/Staff Quick Links Log In Catmail Blackboard MyOHIO Student Center Library Locations Visit Athens Campus Regional Campuses OHIO Online Connect Faculty/Staff Directory Apply Give Search Navigate OHIO About OHIO Admission Athletics Academics Life at OHIO Connect With Us Student Affairs Athens , Ohio 45701 Directions 740.593.1000 Breadcrumb OHIO Student Affairs Welcome to the Office of the Dean of Students Bobcats Helping Bobcats Cats ' Cupboard Cats ' Cupboard Site-specific navigation Bobcats Helping Bobcats Cats ' Cupboard Meal Bank Cap and Gown Loan Program Emergency Microgrants Housing Help Regional Campus Resources SNAP Basic Need Resources Prevention & Education Additional Information OHIO recognizes that some students may not have enough to eat on a daily or weekly basis . The Cats ’ Cupboard food pantry provides students access to fresh , frozen , and shelf stable food options to help with hunger . Cats ' Cupboard is located in Baker University Center , room 514 . Want guidance on what to donate ? See our pack-a-bag recommendations Hours of Operation Spring Semester 2024 The Cat 's Cupboard pantry operates by appointment . Members can shop in person during their scheduled appointment time twice per month . To access the pantry , use the link below to register . Once registered , you may schedule your first appointment . Important Spring Semester update : Please note that we operate by appointment only . It is important that you can schedule an appointment and show up only during your scheduled appointment time . This allows us to know how much food to order and how to best staff our pantry . Having a high number of drop-in 's leads to us not having enough fresh food for all our members and is something we very much wish to avoid happening . We thank you for your cooperation as we enforce this policy . Sign up to access the pantry For questions about the pantry email foodpantry @ ohio.edu . How can I access Cats ’ Cupboard ? Complete the sign-up form using your