Classroom Assessment Techniques ( CATs ) | Center for Teaching | Vanderbilt University Skip to main content link Home Services Individual Consultations Services for Departments , Programs , and Schools Brightspace and Instructional Technology Support Top Hat Support Programs Learning Communities Graduate Teaching Fellows Program Teaching , Difference , and Power Junior Faculty Teaching Fellows Certificate in College Teaching Orientations Teaching at Vanderbilt ( TAV ) Teaching Assistant Orientation ( TAO ) Events The Open Classroom 2023 Teaching Workshops Conversations on Teaching Brightspace Training Past Events Guides Teaching Guides A-Z Online Course Development Resources Principles & Frameworks Pedagogies & Strategies Reflecting & Assessing Challenges & Opportunities Populations & Contexts Resources Take and Try Resources Library Blog Podcasts About Mission Location and Hours Staff Publications Year-in-Review Reports Employment Opportunities Connect CFT E-Newsletter Twitter Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Contact Us Center for Teaching Classroom Assessment Techniques ( CATs ) Print Version What Are CATs ? Why Should I Use CATs ? How Should I Use CATs ? Where Can I Find More CATs ? What Are CATs ? Classroom Assessment Techniques ( CATs ) are generally simple , non-graded , anonymous , in-class activities designed to give you and your students useful feedback on the teaching-learning process as it is happening . Examples of CATs include the following . The Background Knowledge Probe is a short , simple questionnaire given to students at the start of a course , or before the introduction of a new unit , lesson or topic . It is designed to uncover students ’ pre-conceptions . The Minute Paper tests how students are gaining knowledge , or not . The instructor ends class by asking students to write a brief response to the following questions : “ What was the most important thing you learned during this class ? ” and “ What important question remains unanswered ? ” The Muddiest Point is one of the simplest CATs to help assess where students are having difficulties . The technique consists of asking students to jot down a quick response to one question : “ What was the muddiest point in [ the lecture , discussion , homework assignment , film , etc . ] ? ” The term “ muddiest ” means “ most unclear ” or “ most confusing. ” The What ’ s the Principle ? CAT is useful in courses requiring problem-solving . After students figure out what type of problem they are dealing with , they often must decide what principle ( s ) to apply in order to solve the problem . This CAT provides students with a few problems and asks them to state the principle that best applies to each problem . Defining Features Matrix : Prepare a handout with a matrix of three columns and several rows . At the top of the first two columns , list two distinct concepts that have potentially confusing similarities ( e.g . hurricanes vs. tornados , Picasso vs. Matisse ) . In the