Frequently Asked Questions : Cat Camp : Texas State University Skip to Content Search Register About Cat Camp Contact Us Back Main Menu Cat Camp About Cat Camp Mission Cat Camp Photo Album Frequently Asked Questions Register About Cat Camp Contact Us Current Students Faculty & Staff Family & Visitors Alumni Athletics Give Library Round Rock News Student Involvement Cat Camp Texas State Student Involvement Cat Camp About Cat Camp Frequently Asked Questions Frequently Asked Questions Expand FAQ List When is Cat Camp ? Cat Camp will occur over the summer ! Check out our registration page for more information on dates ! Feel free to contact catcamp @ txstate.edu if you have further questions . How long is Cat Camp ? Cat Camp is a three-day , two-night program held on campus at Texas State University . Though Cat Camp may end after a few days , we encourage students and counselors to stay actively involved through the Facebook , Instagram , and Twitter pages . What do you do at Cat Camp ? Cat Camp hosts a variety of fun activities from small group time to friendly competitions . Students will be placed in a small group of 10-12 students and the groups will be led by two Connection Leaders from the Bobcat Connection Team . Students will have an opportunity connect with peers in varying ways throughout the program . For more information about the program , view the About Cat Camp page . What time is check-in for camp ? Check-in for Cat Camp begins at 2 pm at College Inn . When you arrive on campus you will be greeted by Cat Camp staff who will be able to provide directions on how to navigate our check-in process ! Is late check-in available ? Yes . For Cat Camp , we allow students to check-in to the program until 5:30 pm on the first day of the session . After 5:30 pm , students will not be able to check in to the program . What time does Cat Camp end ? Check-out for Cat Camp begins at 3:45 pm on the last day of each session . Check-out will last one hour and end promptly at 5 pm . We ask that parents/guardians that are picking up their students arrive as early as 3:30 pm on the last day of camp to pick up their students . How much does Cat Camp cost ? The cost to attend Cat Camp is $ 250 per student . This includes lodging , meals , two t-shirts , and all the fun activities and memories in between ! What is the difference between Cat Camp and New Student Orientation ? Cat Camp is an optional extended orientation program camp open to incoming and transfer students . New Student Orientation ( NSO ) is required for all incoming students . Cat Camp provides a foundation for a successful college experience by building on the content provided at NSO