LAWSUIT : High school student sues after receiving suspension for posting off-campus cat meme | The Foundation for Individual Rights and Expression Skip to main content Students Faculty Alumni K-12 Educators College Administrators Store About Us Submit a Case Donate Home Store Donate Defending Your Rights What We Do Individual Rights Advocacy Reforming College Policies Legal Support Legislative Policy Reform Our Impact What we defend Free Speech Academic Freedom Religious Liberty Due Process Press Freedom Freedom of Assembly Freedom of Conscience Title IX Your Rights Abroad Have your rights been violated ? If you face retaliation over protected speech , reach out to FIRE to learn more about how we can protect your rights . Submit a Case Get Involved Make a difference Attend an Event Be an Advocate All Opportunities For Students For Faculty For Alumni Legal Professionals Host a FIRE Speaker Donate Take Action FIRE Student Network FIRE ’ s 2022 College Free Speech Rankings are based on the voices of more than 44,000 currently enrolled students at 208 colleges and are designed to help parents and prospective students choose the right school . Build Your Network FIRE Legal Network The FIRE Legal Network is a nationwide group of attorneys to whom we refer cases when counsel is necessary and the matter at issue falls outside the scope of FIRE ’ s mission or ability to assist . Join the Network Research & Learn Resources Resource Library Toolkits Curricula Issue Pages Reports Databases Guides Supreme Court Cases College Free Speech Rankings Presented by FIRE and College Pulse , the 2024 College Free Speech Rankings is the largest survey of campus free expression ever performed . Explore Rankings Learn with FIRE Learn with FIRE provides learners with the opportunity to take courses on a wide range of topics , including free speech and due process , designed by our expert staff . Check out our library of resources to get started on your First Amendment journey ! Get Started Colleges News Cases About Us Submit a Case Home Newsdesk Contents Table of Contents Share Share with Email Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Print LAWSUIT : High school student sues after receiving suspension for posting off-campus cat meme by FIRE July 19 , 2023 View video WATCH : Student suspended after posting memes LAWSUIT : High school student sues after receiving suspension for posting off-campus cat meme A Tennessee high school student , backed by the Foundation for Individual Rights and Expression , sued his school after being suspended for posting satirical Instagram memes while off campus . The memes , none of which caused any disruption at school , depicted the principal holding a box of vegetables , as an anime cat wearing a dress , and as a cartoon character being hugged by a cartoon bird . FIRE ’ s lawsuit seeks to cement Supreme Court law that schools can not punish students for nondisruptive , private , off-campus speech . TULLAHOMA , Tenn. , July 19