Student Success | CAT Communities | Kansas State University Kansas State University search Search K-State web , people , directories Browse A-Z Sign in Canvas OrgCentral SSC MyLibrary KSIS HRIS Webmail Status of ITS resources Sign in to Connect K-State home » Academic Success and Student Affairs » K-State First » CAT Communities » Student Success K-State First Home About What we do Who we are Why it matters Recognition See all of About Getting Started How You 'll Benefit How Do I Sign-up ? FAQ See all of Getting Started Our Programs First-Year Seminars CAT Communities K-State First Book New Student Convocation Wildcat Dialogues See all of Our Programs Leadership and Service Awards Learning Assistants Employment Opportunities Research Student Organizations See all of Leadership and Service Resources Program University Community Advisors See all of Resources About CAT Communities How They Work CAT Communities Residential CAT Communities Student Success CAT Communities Course Guides Faculty Resources K-State First programs CAT Communities First-Year Seminars K-State Book Network K-State First Kansas State University 014 Holton Hall 1101 Mid-Campus Drive N. Manhattan , KS 66506 785-532-1501 kstatefirst @ k-state.edu Student Success CAT Communities Chart your journey to success ! These Student Success CAT Communities engage first-year students with a diverse community of goal-oriented peers , facilitate individual academic guidance , and assist students in developing a strong educational foundation . These learning and living-learning communities foster independent learning , build spaces of belonging , inspire engagement , develop multicultural competencies , and provide students with the tools and skills needed to succeed in college . Within the courses , there is an emphasis on college student success skills such as time management , study skills , critical thinking strategies , and more based on students ' needs each semester . They provide a place to ask questions about the University and practice the skills needed to succeed as a first-year student . Student Success CAT Communities are an excellent option for any student wanting to navigate the college experience with a group of other students , and we highly recommend these learning communities to first-generation and Open Option students . In fact , some of these CAT Communities have been designed specifically for first-generation students ( First in the Family ) and Open Option Students ( Find Your Fit ) . All of them will provide the kinds of support and connection to help you flourish in your first-year . Residential Student Success CAT Communities : Find Your Fit “ What do you want to be when you grow up ? ” and `` What are you going to major in ? '' are undeniably two questions a first year college student has heard over and over . Enroll in this CAT Community to learn more about yourself and the decision-making journey as you uncover your strengths , values , and a world of majors and careers that can lead to a life of passion , purpose , and fulfillment . This CAT Community